{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 PRELUDE - ODE TO THE CORN MAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Introduction: Spanish Civil War, in the center of town, a street musician sits beneath a fountain of Ignacio and plays guitar.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 PROLOGUE - DON FERNANDO TAKES A DIRT NAP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Talking with Don Fernando in his bed. Fetch him water. Then he says he means the water from the fountain of youth. Go through the monastery looking for water. You have to get him water from the well in the monastery, then from the fountain in the town center. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Tutorial: Moving, sneaking, picking up, pushing, stacking objects}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. After Don Fernando says he wants water from the fountain of youth, he tells a story. Play as Ponce during the flashback scene, and try to steal the map from Don Fernando, while at the same time escape from the Aztec warriors chasing you. Great Puma is determined to capture you, so you have to set a trap for him before reaching the boat. Finally, Ponce has to steal the map and get on the boat, ditching Don Fernando. Only to find that Don Fernando switched the map with is hanky. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Tutorial: Chase scene, Platformer with Mario Kart foot racing, sabotage Don Fernando, avoid enemies. Don Fernando helps you, doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sabotage back; Boss Trap puzzle: Great Puma}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. After Don Fernando tells his story, control Nacho and walk home. There is a cat following you, and he is making a big mess. He knocks stuff over at the construction site. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Tutorial: advanced movement, quest objects (mirror, cat), solving physics puzzles at construction site}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4. Once you get home and go to sleep, you are immediately awakened by someone knocking at the door. Death is there, and he is trying to get in the house. You have to stop him from entering. Barricade the doors, throw stuff from the windows, light up the fireplace. Death says that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s looking for Don Fernando. Nacho gives him directions to the monastery and goes back to sleep. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Tutorial: Boss: Death. Use physics objects to defeat boss / prevent Death from getting inside. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5. After Death leaves, God comes to visit, and makes Nacho get up and go toward his destiny. Follow God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s directions to the fountain and climb the hill to pick up the corn. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Tutorial: NPC interaction and side quests: Nacho is distracted by other villagers and doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t do what God says. There is a meter for how much you piss God off by doing excessive side quests. Get Benito\u8217\'92s watch from construction site; Escape being seduced by the ugly drunk wenches; Play cards at the tavern; talk to neighbors at their houses, maybe they ask to borrow sugar or for Nacho to return a screwdriver; you see a big fish in the river and try to catch it, etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 6. Juan wakes you up and tells you there is a big commotion at the monastery and they have to go see what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going on. You have to get back across the mess that the cat made, and when you get to the monastery, you are framed for the murder of Don Fernando. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Tutorial: Game credits, as Nacho walks from house back to monastery there is alot of commotion, villagers looking at the monastery and walking toward it, the bell is ringing there, guards on horseback rush past, monks point fingers at Nacho and Juan when they arrive. Try to talk your way out of it, but everything you can say makes you look guilty}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 7. You are trapped in prison, and have to figure out a way to escape. Ismael is thrown in the slammer with you and he helps. There is a storm and Don Fernando rises from the grave and tries to help you. Don Fernando is thrown in the slammer and you use his bone to escape. Escape room puzzles. Use objects to stack up and look out the window. Come up with a way to escape. Several options. Fail three times, then Don Fernando comes, and then you repeat the first puzzle of stacking things, this time using Don Fernando\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bone instead of the old bone that breaks the first time. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Tutorial: Advanced puzzle solving, escape room. Many ways to try to get out: fake an illness, go into the laundry, pretend to be a guard, apply for a job, work your way up to the top and get a key bestowed upon you, pretend Ismael is your lawyer, dig a hole which leads to the guards meeting room (dig a little bit at a time and hide the dirt, try to escape through the toilet pipes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 8. Once you escape prison, run to the docks and jump on a ship going to the new world. You are chased by guards, so you have to throw things behind you and set traps. Platformer chase scene. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Tutorial: Advanced chase scene - Like Don Fernando chase scene (but no horses), Juan and Ishmael can help you, sabotage the guards, make it to the dock. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 EPISODE ONE - ARE WE THERE YET?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Try to avoid detection on the ship. You have to leave your hiding spot for certain things, get food, go to the bathroom. Try to use disguises so you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get caught. Pretend to be sailors and not get caught. First, find sailor clothes. Then you have to go around the ship and do sailor stuff that the first mate calls out. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Gameplay: Sneak, Hitman Style Disguises, Chores on the ship, Game clock (time goes by as you sail - days, weeks), Side quests to get in good with different sailors, rumors about captain in his quarters - sailors dare you to knock and run, to sneak into the captains room, etc.; rumors of a ghost about the ship in the bottom deck (it turns out the sailors are just scaring you - it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s an old trick for the freshmen on the boat)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. Gordon catches on to you, and makes you become his servant or else he will tell the captain. You find out that Gordon is searching for the the fountain of youth. Continue doing sailor stuff, but now, also, Gordon makes you do ridiculous favors for him and threatens to tell on you if you refuse. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Gameplay: Do ridiculous things that Gordon tells you to do, each with bad consequences with relationship to other sailors, and causes Nacho Juan and Ishmael to argue with each other. One of Gordon\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s requests is for you to steal something from the first mate. When you do\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. You overhear that the first mate plans on a mutiny of the captain, who has been n his quarters since they left Seville. You have to decide if you want to help the captain or help the mutineers. Try to get into the captain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quarters to warn him. You need a key, or something or find a secret passage, or go around the edge of the ship and go into his back window. The captain tells you that there is a kraken following the ship and he is cursed and trying to save them. You warn the captain about the mutiny, and he wants you to find out more information. So now you are working for the captain to infiltrate the mutineers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Gameplay: Sneak past the first mate undetected and sneak into the captains quarters. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4. There is a big fight over control of the ship. During the fight, a storm picks up and you have to survive the chaos. A giant sea cucumber attack the ship during the storm. You have to defeat the mutineers and the cucumber and rescue the captain, Juan, and Gordon by getting them to the captain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quarters? You have to patch holes in the boat, fix the sails, fire cannons at the monster, fight sailors. At the end, the ship is capsized.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Gameplay: Advanced platformer, moving physics objects as the boat is tossed around by the storm and the giant sea cucumber, help other sailors from the monster, but then fight them as well }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Juan is partner for Episode One? Or both?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 EPISODE TWO - MAROONED}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Ignacio wakes up on a deserted beach. Go through the wreckage and look for survivors. You can see the ship sticking out of the water, halfway sunk. You can return to the ship to retrieve your helmet, and to save Ishmael, who is stuck in an air pocket inside the ship. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Gameplay: find objects and put them in a pile on the beach. Go back and forth to the ship to retrieve items. Navigate the ship, holding breath - need to come to surface or find an air pocket. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. When you get back to shore, you explore the island, looking for your friends, and for a way out. You run into Cabeza de Vaca, who is a crazy person.  You ask if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seen your friends, and he says that they were captured. Follow Cabeza, he says he is going to lead them to their friends. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Gameplay: Follow Cabeza, slow paced platformer, Cabeza sets up some puzzles, but sometimes a rock or branch falls behind him and you have to solve a way to catch up}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. It turns out, Cabeza had them captured, and does the same to Ishmael. Nacho escapes, then you have to sneak up to the native village and spy on Cabeza who they think is their God, while he says he is going to sacrifice them?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Gameplay: sneak around the village without getting caught, come up with a plan to rescue your friends. You run into the three Indian children and they agree to help you. They take you around the island and have you find objects they use to make the people think you are a god. You enter the village. Cabeza secretly tells you he is a prisoner and he has to keep the act up. You don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know if he is tricking you or telling the truth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4. Have a competition with Cabeza to become the supreme ruler of the natives (but really they are going to eat you). Go through obstacle course with natives cheering you on, build a fire, make a giant pot, fill it with water from a waterfall, get some vegetables and throw it in the pot. Maybe there is a giant diagram with the steps you need to take to finish the obstacle course. Run around the island getting the supplies and moving things around, while Nacho and Cabeza try to sabotage each other. The judges can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t decide, so they decide to eat you both. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5. Just as you are both about to be eaten, you are saved by Cortez\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s army, (Except for Gordon, he was first and they eat his legs). After you leave, the mafia shows up, and it cuts to them in the soup pot thinking it\u8217\'92s a jacuzzi. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Gameplay: Boss chase / trap - run through the obstacle course solving puzzles and sabotage each other, without any partners to help. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 EPISODE THREE - COLONELS OF CORN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. After you are rescued by Cortez\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s army, you enlist as volunteers (or Cortez says they have to work in order to be rescued). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Gameplay: Level map is Cortez\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s army, which is a moving caravan during the day, and they all stop at night and make camp. The set up of the camp is always the same. Do tasks for Cortez, or do mini quests for other travelers and get caught up in gossip. Try to figure out who is the beard thief. Every night, something happens, and every morning before moving on, there is commotion, a crime scene, and clues. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beard thief leaves corn kernels or corn cobs at the scene of each crime, to try to frame Ignacio. You can try to hide the kernels, or eat them? Try to get the evidence to point against you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Detective : Find evidence, take note of who you can account for each night, at the time of the crime. Find clues, interview witnesses.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 EPISODE FOUR - GUMBO LIMBO}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Nacho follows the beard thief all the way into the swamp. They get lost in the chase, and eventually, the beard thief is eaten by alligators. Nacho tries to find his way back but gets lost. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. The Roog is trying to make a pot of gumbo for the in-laws who are coming over for the super bowl and the recipe calls for a decomposed human foot. He begins to panic, then sees Nacho rowing down the river using Don Fernando\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot as an oar. Nacho gets scared as the Roog stalks him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}