{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red108\green87\blue101;\red160\green54\blue91;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs58\b1\i0\cf4 Character Name}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\sl216\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0\cf5 Age \bullet  Location}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Role in Story:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line Gets thrown in the slammer and meets Ignacio and Juan. He says he has been in and out of prison since 1492, when the moors were expelled. He is a lifelong prisoner and knows the ways of being a prisoner and is good at escaping.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab After busting out of prison, he is always amazed by the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93new technology\u8221\'94, surprised how much the world has changed }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab He says they pass him from prison to prison to keep him from busting out. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The truth is Ponce pulls him from another prison and tells him to spy on Ignacio. Later on, Ismael confesses to this. Several cut scenes with Ismael reporting to Ponce (at first, you dont see who it is, until Ismael decides to not work for Ponce any more and tells Ignacio)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Goal:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Physical Description:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Personality:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line Friendly, opportunistic, }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Occupation:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Habits/Mannerisms:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Background:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line Arab Moor who had lived a life of luxury in Spain until the Reconquista. Since then, he has been in prison.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Internal Conflicts:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line He feels guilty because he is secretly working for Ponce to spy on Ignacio, until he becomes friends with him. Then, he starts \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8216\'91accidentally\u8217\'92 giving bad information to Ponce, until Ponce figures it out, then Ismael tells Ponce he quits, and he is going to help Nacho. Ponce throws Ismael into prison in Episode Nine, and Nacho has to sneak in to rescue him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 External Conflicts:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Notes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Nickname: Maduro}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Special Powers: Come up with a plan. You can play a mini game that simplifies the puzzle into basic blocks (drawing in sand with stick and using rocks and objects)  to show the general idea of how to solve it?}}