{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 1. Don Fernando tells his story}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - Ignacio is in the infirmary. Don Fernando asks for El Agua. Ignacio has to get Don Fernando some water. Take the carafe and find some water. There are a few options, each with different results. The holy water in the bowls in the church; the fountain in town center, the river. Make sure you don't wake up anyone who is sleeping. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - Ignacio says he doesn't want that stinking water, he wants El Agua, from the Fountain of Youth. Ignacio and Juan make fun of him. Don Fernando tells a story. Play as Ponce de Leon, avoid obstacles and aztec warriors, and try to steal the map from Don Fernando. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - After Don Fernando tells his story, walk home from the infirmary. A cat follows you and causes destruction behind you. You get home and go to bed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - In order to get Mirror, you have to fill up the fountain with water (it has no water in it because there is a log jammed in the pipe that brings the water from the river / well. Take the log, which unclogs the jam, then use the log to toss in the fountain and hop to the top with)}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 2. Ignacio has 3 visitors}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - Ignacio wakes up to pounding on the door. Look outside and see Death at the door. Death says open up! Try to prevent him from getting inside. After you stop Death from entering (each time you hit him, he has casts, crutches, etc, looking all beat up.  Death, injured and out of breath, says stop bullying him, and is Don Fernando home. Ignacio says Don Fernando doesn't live here anymore, he's at the infirmary. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - Ignacio goes back to bed only to immediately be woken up by God, who tells him to follow his destiny. Ignacio thinks he's talking about the corn, but God means the fountain.  Go through town and find the corn. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - Ignacio wakes up to Juan at his bedside, saying they need to go back to the infirmary. Don Fernando has died. Go back to the infirmary}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 3. Don Fernando bites the dust}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - get back to the infirmary, but the town is all messed up because the cat. Overcome obstacles to get back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - side quest, to get Benito's watch. Or this is part of the min quest, you cant get past the wreckage until Benito cleans it up, but he wont do anything until he gets his watch back?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - go back into the infirmary and Ponce frames you for murder. Any of the monks who you woke up earlier will say they saw you creeping around earlier. If you didn't wake anyone up, there are no witnesses, but Ponce lies and says he saw you. }}