{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red108\green87\blue101;\red160\green54\blue91;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs58\b1\i0\cf4 Character Name}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\sl216\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0\cf5 Age \bullet  Location}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Role in Story:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line Merchant aboard the ship to the New World (Episode One) }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab You run into him several times throughout the game. Each time you see him, something terrible has happened to him, Missing a leg, Blown up, then at the end he is just a shrunken head. But he is always overly cheerful and optimistic.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab He is a compulsive liar / exaggerator, trying to make sure Nacho knows he is having a crazier adventure than him. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab Gordon\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s goal is to find the city of El Dorado, and also set up a kiosk in Santo Domingo as a base. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Gordon keeps bumping into Nacho, and each time he is more injured, and more optimistic. He asks to go on Nacho\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s spirit quest in chapter 5, after he is beheaded, but nacho says there is no room. Gordon gets mad and rolls away and says Nacho will regret it. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Goal:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Physical Description:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Personality:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Occupation:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Habits/Mannerisms:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Background:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Internal Conflicts:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 External Conflicts:}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Notes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1. Gets a splinter}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2. Scratch is infected}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3. In the infirmary in camp, has hand / arm amputated}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 4. Roog eats his legs}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 5. Gets decapitated by aztecs}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 6. As a floating head, loses an eye, floats into a branch}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 7. As a carried head, gets shrunken by bruja}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 8. Head gets cracked open and brains sucked out by a monkey who thinks hes a coconut}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 9. Top of head stitched back on, gets a bad headache}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 10. Gets a fever}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 11. Has a stroke}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 12. Dies of old age, or they dunk him in the fountain and he grows a baby body}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 After injury, next time he sees ignacio, he tells the story and its wildly exaggerated, nacho knows because he was there, Gordon swears it was a different witch, that was bigger and meaner than Bruja, etc}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0}